Dear Human Resources at AgileThought,

I am responding to the job posting on your website for a Senior Front-End Developer. 
Company spoken of highly from good friend of 10 years Ringo Alfonso 
Multitalented designer. Code, graphics, animation.
Looking for a company with great culture

Currently work for AGT as Graphic/Web designer
Alone in dept.
Taught self Javascript/jQuery/AngularJS/Angular2/React/Redux
Created Tapes site by myself

Graduated from Waubonsee CC with AAS in Graphic Design and a COA in Web Design.
Got 4.0
Got Weblinx, Inc. and Lifelong Learning Institute scholarships

Done charity work for Batavia MainStreet/Food Pantry/ Franciscan Outreach

Background in restaurant management
Developed strong, useful skill set including multitasking/written & verbal communication/ customer service/ diverse audiences
Tempered in high-pressure, fast-paced work with immediate deadlines and consequences

Personal note:
Love to work for AgileThought. 
Idea man at core
I hope to hear back
Thank you for your time


Dear Human Resources at AgileThought,

I am responding to the job posting on your website for a Senior Front-End Developer. AgileThought ***Ringo's Title*** Ringo Alfonso, a close friend of mine for 10 years, believes I would make a valuable addition to the company. Ringo can attest that my broad skill set runs the gamut from programming and web development to graphic design and animation. He can also tell you that I am a people person and a great communicator and that my personality would mesh well with the AgileThought company culture.

Currently, I am the Web and Graphic Designer for family-owned plastics manufacturer AGT Products, Inc. I am the only member of my department, and therefore wear many hats. All of the design work for the company, web and print, is created by me. During my time as a lone designer at AGT, it has been a necessary and rewarding experience to teach myself numerous necessary skills and technologies. Some of these include React, Redux, AngularJS, Angular2, LESS, and SASS to name a few. The most fulfilling project I have done at AGT was building the AGT Tapes division website (agttapes.com) from scratch using AngularJS and SASS with a SQL database on the back-end.

My educational background
